DOC-#3413: align documentation with updated project structure (#3562)
modin-project/modin: docs/flow/modin/core/storage_formats/pyarrow/index.rst

PyArrow storage format
""""""""""""""""""""""

.. toctree::
    :hidden:

    query_compiler
    parsers

> In general, PyArrow storage formats follow the flow of the pandas ones: query compiler contains an instance of Modin Frame,
> which is internally split into partitions. The main difference is that partitions contain PyArrow tables,
> instead of DataFrames like with :doc:`pandas storage format </flow/modin/core/storage_formats/pandas/index>`. To learn more about this approach please
> visit :doc:`PyArrow execution engine </flow/modin/experimental/core/execution/ray/implementations/pyarrow_on_ray>` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, PyArrow storage formats follow the flow of the pandas ones: query compiler contains an instance of Modin Dataframe,
which is internally split into partitions. The main difference is that partitions contain PyArrow tables,
instead of pandas DataFrames like with :doc:`pandas storage format </flow/modin/core/storage_formats/pandas/index>`. To learn more about this approach please
visit :doc:`PyArrowOnRay execution </flow/modin/experimental/core/execution/ray/implementations/pyarrow_on_ray>` section.
```
